# Fantasy Weapon Generator
## Author - Earl Gray

## Objective

To create a simple app consisting of four services that work together to achieve functionality. Service 1 will render templates and communicate with the other three services. Services 2 and 3 will both generate random objects and service 4 will also create an object but one that is based on the objects generated by service 2 and 3.

The scope of the project includes the following:

-An Asana board (or equivalent Kanban board tech) with full expansion on tasks needed to complete the project.
-An Application fully integrated using the Feature-Branch model into a Version Control System which will subsequently be built through a CI server and deployed to a cloud-based virtual machine.
-If a change is made to a code base, then Webhooks should be used so that Jenkins recreates and redeploys the changed application
-The project must follow the Service-oriented architecture that has been asked for.
-The project must be deployed using containerisation and an orchestration tool.
-As part of the project, you need to create an Ansible Playbook that will provision the environment that your application needs to run.
-The project must make use of a reverse proxy to make your application accessible to the user.

The technologies that are to be used include:

-Kanban Board: Asana or an equivalent Kanban Board
-Version Control: Git
-CI Server: Jenkins
-Configuration Management: Ansible
-Cloud server: GCP virtual machines
-Containerisation: Docker
-Orchestration Tool: Docker Swarm
-Reverse Proxy: NGINX

## Project Initiation

I propose to create an app that will generate different fantasy style magic weapons. Service 2 will generate a random weapon type, service 3 will generate a random damage multiplier and service 4 will use these details to both name the weapon and add a status effect. Service 1 will, of course, deliver this information to the user.
\

## Planning, Design and Project Tracking

### Trello

I utilised Trello as the service for my project management. Trello is a very visual, useful service for keeping track of tasks as well as a useful place to store documentation as a project progresses.\


### ED

This basic Entity diagram is what I started with to plan the full object to be generated and delivered to the user.\


### Risk assessment

The risk assessment for this project included a few items that should be considered for any project but as I progressed I discovered that there were further risks I had not yet considered and had to add to the matrix.\


### Services

The following is the early code for Services 1-4. 



A good deal of refactoring was required for service 1 as it changed and developed throughout the course of the project. The addition of the database for data persistance was the main cause of the file structure of service 1 being so drastically altered.



### Pipeline

The following diagram shows how the 
